There was a hoarse scratching sound. A sleek red fox emerged from its deep under
ground burrow, its children waiting for it to bring back a nice, tasty meal. It
slowly crept out of the bush under which the burrow was situated. The fox darted
through the lush green forest. Birds chirped a late afternoon greeting.
Twittering crickets made their everlasting sound. The dark, green canopy
overhead was protecting the fox, and it felt safe. The red fox bounded out of
the forest. It stopped and sniffed the air. All clear, thought the fox. He
slowly and cautiously stalked across the wide field that was housing beans.
Suddenly, appearing out of nowhere, a farmer ran out of the old, rusty farm
shed. He was carrying a gun. The fox was quick to move. While the farmer tried
to aim the old black gun, the apple red fox darted across the chicken yard.
There was a collective screech from the chickens. Feathers flew everywhere as
the farmer aimed and fired his gun. But the courageous red fox would not give
up. He was unharmed, and he would stay that way. A dead chicken lay on the
ground. The sleek fox snapped it up in his jaws. The farmer aimed several more
times. Bang! Bang! Bang! The old gun ran out of ammunition and the fox trotted
confidently across the field to the edge of the forest. With the dead chicken in
his mouth the fox was certain this meal would satisfy his family. Thinking he
was safe from harm, the fox slowed his pace until he heard the farmer blundering
across the now trampled field. He threw a knife at the fox causing the chicken
to drop from the it’s jaws. As the fox bent to reclaim his prize a sharp stone
struck his head with immense force. But the fox wouldn’t give up without a
fight. Although dazed, he stood up and faced the farmer, a growl emerging from
deep within his throat. He leapt up and bit the farmer piercing his leg with his
sharp jagged teeth. As the farmer let out a howl the fox picked up the dead
chicken and bounded away through the forest. When the exhausted fox reached his
burrow he whined sadly and dropped to the ground defeated. There was no family
for him any more, there was no one left. On the ground beside the burrow, a
large can of pesticide lay empty on the ground. As dawn arose the next morning
the forest glowed with life. The sun seeped through the canopy of leaves
overhead. But no red fox emerged from his burrow. Another fox, out of curiosity,
went over to where the red fox lay sleeping in the bush beside the burrow. Red
fox looked up. The new fox nuzzled him. Here, at the end, was a new beginning.
Red fox felt hope.